DOCSP-32840 1.2.0 release notes (#51)
mongodb/docs-relational-migrator: source/release-notes.txt

   :depth: 1
   :class: twocols

1.2.0 Changelog
---------------

*Released September 4, 2023*

New features:

- Ability to change the data type for migrated fields.
- Ability to control how null values are represented in the migrated data.
- Ability to use calculated fields for a collection's ``_id`` value.
- Diagnostic dump includes configuration files to help streamline support. 

Bug fixes:

> - Improvements to validation and error handling in mapping rules.

Reviewer: [suggestion] For parallelism, maybe we can start the bullets here to start with verbs and change this bullet to:
```suggestion
- Improves validation and error handling in mapping rules.
```

Reviewer: Similar suggestion for the bullet below!

Author: Done, thank you!

- Ability to parse a wider range of Oracle DDL files.
- Fixes an issue where tables were lost when refreshing a schema using SQL Server and Windows authentication. 
- Fixes an issue where CDC updates may target the wrong document when tables do not have a primary key.
- Fixes an issue where database passwords can be incorrectly saved to the browser's password library. 

> 

Reviewer: [nit] looks like there's an extra newline here!

Author: Done, thank you!
